add deprecation to README.md (#4)
mitodl/edx-username-updater: README.md

⛔️ DEPRECATION WARNING
======================

> This repository is deprecated. Please see [open-edx-plugins](https://github.com/mitodl/open-edx-plugins) for all the future updates and development.

Reviewer: The username changer is still in its own repo. I'll create a ticket to migrate it to https://github.com/mitodl/open-edx-plugins.

```suggestion
This repository is deprecated. Please see [edx-username-changer](https://github.com/mitodl/edx-username-changer) for all the future updates and development.
```
